It is natural that there is justice and victory.
In fact, this is what we have done for many times during the 2600 years of the Ryukyu era.
We have overcome this and have been doing good deeds for the sake of the gold.
It is the old and old belief of the Japanese people.
We cannot go anywhere without the will of justice.
Now, the Tōwa prefecture is free from the invasion of the US and the occupation.
It is in a position to express its fundamental speciality.
The foundation of the Tōwa-Kyōeiken construction is to see the possibility of the end as soon as possible.
The Tōwa-Kyōeiken construction is to build the new building that will be built in the same day.
The people of the prefecture will be able to see the place of the construction.
It is a great ideal to show the value of the Tōwa-Kōryū.
This is one of the things that is not realized.
However, this moral spirit is already a deep recognition and recognition of the Tōwa-Kōryū people.
The Tōwa-Kōryū people are already actively cooperating with the Japanese people in the war zone.
This is the true expression of the Tōwa-Kōryū people.
Thank you for watching.